You are hopeless
Liar
Open your mouth
Even if I tried my best
There's no way to let go of the force
After you
Go out and don't say it has anything to do with us
I can't afford to lose this person.
Husband, don't be angry.
Maybe Xiaolong really has a way
Mom, what can he do?
Even if he goes to kowtow to Striving Tian and apologize now
People may not be able to forgive him
Don't talk about Xiaorong, they are also anxious.
The tone is a little harsh
Don't worry about it.
Cousin, I'm fine.
Everything I did for the Ji family
It's all to repay my cousin
And I'm not lying.
Even if my cousin wants to go to work in a neutral group
It's just a word from me
Shen Rong, you have a bottom line for talking nonsense
Now I dare to say anything
The neutral group is a consortium under Guan Jucai
Even the Temple of War can't afford to provoke
Bah listen to you
Don't worry, let me expose him.
you
I just sent a resume to Neutral Group
What if you had the ability?
You put me in the neutral group now
If you can't do it
Please don't come to our house in the future. It's annoying.
Xiaolong, do you want to forget it?
Don't worry, little things
Guan Lao, I need your help with a small matter.
My cousin wants to go to your company
You arrange it
Mr. Shen said that his wife would arrange it immediately
It's arranged.